# starter_folder
This paper generally investigates the relationship between people’s current marriage time and age as well as whether they have children and whether it is their first marriage. 
By using dataset created by the Canadian 2017 General Social Survey (GSS), we use function select () and mutate () to construct some main variables, including the response variable current marriage time, the age difference between respondent and respondent’s spouse, age of respondent at the start of current marriage, as well as some categorical variable indicate whether the couple is the first marriage and whether they have children. We remove the answer “valid skip”, “Don’t know”, “Refusal” and “Not stated” in the survey. For the variable age_difference, we remove the leverage point and only select observations that has age_difference less than 20. Then we create histogram analyzing the distribution of the marriage time and age difference. Also, two scatter plots have been drawn to show the relationship between marriage time and difference age related components. At last, two box plots have been drawn to compare the medium of marriage time between whether they have children and whether they are in their first marriage.

Furthermore, we construct scatter plot showing the relationship between marriage time and age at start of marriage and divided them by whether they have children. Also, a scatter plot showing the relationship between marriage time and age at start of current marriage and group by whether it is their first marriage. We find that those who have children generally have longer duration of marriage than those who don’t have children. For respondents who start current marriage above 37 years old, those who have children generally have shorter duration of marriage than those who don’t have children. At last, we construct a multiple linear regression model and find that variables age of respondent, age of respondent when they got married and whether they have children have will affect the marriage time.
